bugherd task #592 (#604)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-sdk/device-sdk-rest-bundle/device-integration.md

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK

If you are uncertain on whether to send an event or raise an alarm, you can simply just raise an event and let the user decide with a [Real-time rule](/concepts/realtime) if they want to convert the event into an alarm.

### Replacing a physical device

You can replace a physical device that is already connected to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform while keeping its external ID and the data the device has collected.
Do the following:

1. Turn off the old physical device.

> 2. Register and bootstrap the new device just like a regular device.

Reviewer: Add a link here?

3. After the device has created its new managed object, turn the new physical device off.

> 4. Open the new device object in {{< Cumulocity IoT >}}'s Device Management and look up the device owner and the device's external IDs.

Reviewer: Add a link to the User guide?

5. Remove the external IDs from the device.
6. Open the old device in {{< Cumulocity IoT >}}'s Device Management and change its owner to the one you looked up, and also add the external IDs you removed from the new device.

> 7. Remove the new device object that was created earlier but keep the device user.

Author: question by Beatrice Behnisch, @l2p- 
why is this step necessary? where do i see the device user exactly and why do i have to keep him? is it related to device management roles/inventory roles?

Reviewer 2: This step is technically not necessary, although the unused new device managed object stays in the inventory forever untouched when it is omitted. The device user must be retained because its credentials will be used by the new physical device to send data. The device user is not relate to roles. The confirmation dialog when deleting the device allows to additionally delete the device user, as it is needed later it is important that it is not deleted. That is why we need to mention it explicitly.

9. Turn on the new physical device.

> The new physical device will be sending its data to the existing managed object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new physical device will send its data to the existing managed object.
```

{{< c8y-admon-caution >}}

> The above steps will only work if the device is using standard device bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above steps only work if the device is using standard device bootstrapping.
```

Otherwise contact the device integrator or manufacturer.
{{< /c8y-admon-caution >}}

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> If the device has child devices, their owner must also be updated.

Reviewer: owner > owners?
